it's just about impossible to keep your
nerve when you're being dive on by BATS
they are absolutely huge
that's right you can see where they get
the yet dose bad name remembering the
wings is really thin it's almost
transparent and the body is very light
almost white on the underside I really
want to get a close look at one
so Damien takes us to a spot in the cave
where the tunnel narrows and I may have
a chance to net one the crew aren't so
keen though
stays brawlers to please
[Music]
very interesting okay I think down this
way here there's a huge hole in the
floor but beneath us it's a good be
careful walking over this bit here
because that looks really dangerous
[Music]
here they come
one yeah I got one oh that is the most
remarkable looking back I've ever seen
I'm gonna get bombarded by his cousins
while we're doing this I just need to UM
pick him from the net very carefully
because you don't wanna damage them the
membranes of the wings can be quite
fragile I mean quite a lot of bats have
this kind of size I would be expected to
be trying to eat through my arm first
thing I have to say is that I have a
unique opportunity to get this close to
this back obviously this isn't something
that anyone should go around doing when
you're up close to it like this you can
really see first of all where it gets
its name from I mean he does look like a
little phantom that abnormally pale gray
almost white fur there on the body is
what makes him appear so ghost-like look
back it's incredibly thin as notes mmm
almost like some kind of weird skin coit
but that's another thing which lends to
his ghostly image is the fact that that
membrane it just looks like a ghostly
cloak and these the struts in between
the membrane well those are fingers and
hand bones I want to show you these
teeth because they are really mean look
at those and sizes there and if I can
maybe show you the bottom jaw as well
look at those hopefully be not getting
didn't when you do that that is a set of
gnashes teeth like that I would allow
this remarkable creature to feed not
only on insects but on lizards frogs
other bats
small mammals and he really is a flying
nightmare